README.md, before:

**Update**

1. we now support tiktok now by sessionId way,and you can even grab a sessionid in your local pc and use it in your remote server.check [tiktok how to doc](./how-to-upload-tiktok.md)

2. Hungup the  support an embed fake browser fingerprint to tiktok 

3. will support tiktok official api 

for tiktok part,lately there is official api coming, I created another repo for building with official api way:

https://github.com/wanghaisheng/tiktok-opensdk-web


4. will support playwright way for tiktok, especially for the rotate capcha verify



## USAGE

if there's anything you don't understand, submit an issue or cantact me

### for those beginner

checkout the GUI version.

### youtube platform

check [how to upload youtube videos](./how-to-upload-youtube.md)

### tiktok

check [how to upload tiktok videos](./how-to-upload-tiktok.md)

<!-- MANPAGE: BEGIN EXCLUDED SECTION -->
<div align="center">

[![Tiktoka Studio Uploader](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wanghaisheng/youtube-auto-upload/master/assets/images.png)](#readme)

[![Release version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/wanghaisheng/youtube-auto-upload?color=brightgreen&label=Download&style=for-the-badge)](#release-files "Release")
[![PyPi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PyPi-blue.svg?logo=pypi&labelColor=555555&style=for-the-badge)](https://pypi.org/project/ytb-up "PyPi")
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/_-Donate-red.svg?logo=githubsponsors&labelColor=555555&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/sponsors/wanghaisheng "Donate")
[![Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/wanghaisheng)]("Sponsors")

<!-- [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/807245652072857610?color=blue&labelColor=555555&label=&logo=discord&style=for-the-badge)](https://discord.gg/xxxxx "Discord") -->

[![Supported Sites](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Supported_Sites-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge)](supportedsites.md "Supported Sites")
[![License: Unlicense](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Unlicense-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)](LICENSE "License")
[![Commits](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/wanghaisheng/youtube-auto-upload?label=commits&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/wanghaisheng/tiktoka-studio-uploader/commits "Commit History")
[![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/wanghaisheng/youtube-auto-upload/playwright?label=&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/wanghaisheng/tiktoka-studio-uploader/commits "Commit History")

</div>
<!-- MANPAGE: END EXCLUDED SECTION -->

Last Year During COVID I was shutdown at home without walking out the door for 2 months and more.at that time I was running 2 shopify store and heavily need the social media tools to auto post mateirals prepared.I also modify object-engine to a ![ace attorney video bot](https://github.com/wanghaisheng/ace-attorney-story-video-auto-generation).Back to topic,After a lot search over this social media schedule post topic,I decided to learn some programming magic and write a one for myself.The reason? we should spend time on more meaningful things instead of waiting to click next page and filling kinds of infos by bare hands. First selenium version code is heavily borrowed from the thanks to part below,later on the playwright version is all by my own.Next big picture would be support mobile platform since all social platform has spam detection and we should take each account seriously and use phone definitely much better than web browser for sure.

<a href="https://www.producthunt.com/posts/tiktoka-studio?utm_source=badge-featured&utm_medium=badge&utm_souce=badge-tiktoka&#0045;studio" target="_blank"><img src="https://api.producthunt.com/widgets/embed-image/v1/featured.svg?post_id=347723&theme=light" alt="Tiktoka&#0032;Studio - one&#0032;in&#0032;all&#0032;toolbox&#0032;for&#0032;social&#0032;media&#0032;video&#0032;publish | Product Hunt" style="width: 250px; height: 54px;" width="250" height="54" /></a>

---

This project aims to automate the upload process for YouTube Videos. Since videos can only be publicly uploaded through the YouTube Data API by using a Google Workspaces Account (not free!YouTube counts 1600 credits per upload. ), I decided to figure out a headless uploader using Selenium and Playwright. This approach also bypasses API restrictions (e.g. Rate Limits/Endcards can't be set through the API).There are tons of library existing but not for me .

AS a code dummy, I do accept any advice because my only purpose is to get things working

**if you are a selenium guy, pls check main branch, if not, just use this playwright branch.**

## rewrite it with microsoft playwright

1. speed is much faster than selenium version

2. you don't have to worry about browser driver any more

3. more like category setting, subtitle upload etc are considered

### Methods

#### youtube

* we use playwright and selenium automation testing framework to act like as a human user to hand over the video uploading process to save your time for coffee.

#### tiktok

* we use playwright and selenium automation testing framework to act like as a human user to hand over the video uploading process to save your time for coffee.

* we develop an api based on  official openapi documentations to support 2b partners to batch upload video from their mobile app or application.

* we use sessionId and cracked uploading endpoint api to finish video uploading processing.


## features YOU MAY NEED

### 1. proxy support

auto detect whether need a proxy

### 2. cookie support

for those with multiple channels under the one Google account

pls check
https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/issues/12616

manually change all occurances of no_restriction in your cookies.json file to

>        "sameSite": "None",

### 3. schedule time publish

you can explictly specify a date and time for each video or you can set publish policy and daily public count, for example, daily count is 4, you got 5 videos, then first 4 will be published 1 day after the upload date, the other 1 will be 2 days after the upload date

### 4. fix Google account verify

if auto verify is not working, you need to manually input verification code into your browser

### 5. bulk videos and batch videos support

check **files_in_excel_youtube.py** to load video meta from a excel template

check **files_in_folder_youtube.py** to monitor videos in specific folder

## GUI Version

**I have released one draft version of a GUI version to make the usage for those non-coding people that want a one click easy solution. It's been tested by about 5 friends. You can check it out if you [sponsor me](https://github.com/sponsors/wanghaisheng). You can get the exe version on Windows**

please DM me at admin@tiktokastudio.com after sponsor, I have not find a proper way to automatically to send the package yet

[Get the early bird version. Please sponsor me here](https://github.com/sponsors/wanghaisheng)

or click any link you find in the repo

## proposed features in future version gui

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2363295/175556044-57f8af8e-a840-43fe-8cfc-120e0e74fef8.png)

**The more modern web technology cross platform GUI is being delayed Since my computer broken during the last 20 days, I would add some features to old tkinter version**

In the future I plan to add more features like invisible watermark to protect your copyright from theft and cross platform publish that you may post videos not only on Youtube.

## how to use video demo

[English version detailed intro and demo ](https://youtu.be/Xh-Dmm1POBo)

https://youtu.be/tp69CzU1y7s

https://youtu.be/IXaEQG1BCkw

https://youtu.be/Sqj0uO9VCy4

---

## features included in the GUI version

- → no limit of video counts

you may got hundreds of historical videos or prepare 200+ video for new product.

1000+ is possible especially for archive or backup usage as private

**does this uploader (gui version specifically) bypass the youtube upload limit of 100 uploads per day? could it do 10k uploads in a day?**

No.be aware of that this is automation instead of crack thing. If it can be done,definitely would be flagged as spam and you lost your account ,that is not the price you want to pay
all of automation task are meant to act like regular user operations but ease your boring hand work

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2363295/170889182-e3a12d5f-d1cb-45db-93a0-2ce8e405c9d1.png)

> Hi YouTube Developer,

> We're writing to let you know about a change to the YouTube API Services.

> To ensure safety at YouTube, we've limited how many videos a channel can upload in a 24-hour period via the YouTube Data API. This change aligns the YouTube Data API upload experience with the limits already in place for desktop and mobile uploads.

- → you don't have to edit all metadata one by one

Full description combine from prefix, suffix and video filename tags combine from preferred tags and AI based generated topic related tags publish time can automatically set without any effort

- → auto generate thumbnail from video highlight

you can using these as starting point to add overlay text to make it more click-bait to get traffic

- → auto generate Tags from AI
  It can detect keywords search and existing video gaps in your niche and generate suggestions.

- → auto add Free copyright music
  some music is the secret weapon to traffic, you need dig it by yourself.and also not to share with others

- → invisible watermark
  at some day if you got viral someone will steal your content to re-post over other platform, cut off your logo or other visible watermark,with this invisible/hidden watermark technology, you can hardly lost the battle

- → multi-account and multi-channel under one account
  as a newbie you will not want to be limited to only using one account. It will save your time to success

- → auto set schedule time to public for each video
  bulk publish. it seems no other lib supports this feature yet
  you can explicitly specify a date and time for each video or you can set publish policy and daily public count, for example, daily count is 4, you got 5 videos, then first 4 will be published 1 day after the upload date, the other 1 will be 2 days after the upload date

- → video upload in batch
  for those who want a one click setting and went to bed ,get jobs all done after wake up in th morning
  all you need is choose the video directory

- → Installed on PC, access from PC and mobile

We'd love to hear your feedback on our new feature! 😊

## THANKS TO

- 1. https://github.com/ContentAutomation/YouTubeUploader

- 2. https://github.com/offish/opplast

- 3. https://github.com/fawazahmed0/youtube-uploader

- 4. https://github.com/linouk23/youtube_uploader_selenium

- other I CAN NOT REMEMBER

## supported sites

https://github.com/wanghaisheng/tiktoka-studio-uploader/blob/playwright/supportedsites.md

you can submit an issue too

## Support

Join forum for debugging your issues with me

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wanghaisheng/youtube-auto-upload/playwright/assets/feishu-chatgroup.jpg" alt="" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/wanghaisheng/tiktoka-studio-uploader/blob/playwright/assets/feishu-chatgroup.jpg" width="250" height="250" />

## Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=wanghaisheng/tiktoka-studio-uploader&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#wanghaisheng/tiktoka-studio-uploader&Date)

Commit message:

add  docs about lately changes for youtube and tiktok

README.md, after:

**Update**

1. add test-youtube-windows.sh to help tiktokers 

2. add test-tiktok-manual-sessionId.sh to help youtubers 

3. examples\save-tiktok-sessionId.py to auto export sessionid

4. examples\save-youtube-Cookie.py to auto export youtube cookie files


## USAGE

if there's anything you don't understand, submit an issue or cantact me

### for those beginner

checkout the GUI version.

### youtube

check [how to upload youtube videos](./how-to-upload-youtube.md)

### tiktok

check [how to upload tiktok videos](./how-to-upload-tiktok.md)

<!-- MANPAGE: BEGIN EXCLUDED SECTION -->
<div align="center">

[![Tiktoka Studio Uploader](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wanghaisheng/youtube-auto-upload/master/assets/images.png)](#readme)

[![Release version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/wanghaisheng/youtube-auto-upload?color=brightgreen&label=Download&style=for-the-badge)](#release-files "Release")
[![PyPi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PyPi-blue.svg?logo=pypi&labelColor=555555&style=for-the-badge)](https://pypi.org/project/ytb-up "PyPi")
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/_-Donate-red.svg?logo=githubsponsors&labelColor=555555&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/sponsors/wanghaisheng "Donate")
[![Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/wanghaisheng)]("Sponsors")

<!-- [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/807245652072857610?color=blue&labelColor=555555&label=&logo=discord&style=for-the-badge)](https://discord.gg/xxxxx "Discord") -->

[![Supported Sites](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Supported_Sites-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge)](supportedsites.md "Supported Sites")
[![License: Unlicense](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Unlicense-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)](LICENSE "License")
[![Commits](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/wanghaisheng/youtube-auto-upload?label=commits&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/wanghaisheng/tiktoka-studio-uploader/commits "Commit History")
[![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/wanghaisheng/youtube-auto-upload/playwright?label=&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/wanghaisheng/tiktoka-studio-uploader/commits "Commit History")

</div>
<!-- MANPAGE: END EXCLUDED SECTION -->

Last Year During COVID I was shutdown at home without walking out the door for 2 months and more.at that time I was running 2 shopify store and heavily need the social media tools to auto post mateirals prepared.I also modify object-engine to a ![ace attorney video bot](https://github.com/wanghaisheng/ace-attorney-story-video-auto-generation).Back to topic,After a lot search over this social media schedule post topic,I decided to learn some programming magic and write a one for myself.The reason? we should spend time on more meaningful things instead of waiting to click next page and filling kinds of infos by bare hands. First selenium version code is heavily borrowed from the thanks to part below,later on the playwright version is all by my own.Next big picture would be support mobile platform since all social platform has spam detection and we should take each account seriously and use phone definitely much better than web browser for sure.

<a href="https://www.producthunt.com/posts/tiktoka-studio?utm_source=badge-featured&utm_medium=badge&utm_souce=badge-tiktoka&#0045;studio" target="_blank"><img src="https://api.producthunt.com/widgets/embed-image/v1/featured.svg?post_id=347723&theme=light" alt="Tiktoka&#0032;Studio - one&#0032;in&#0032;all&#0032;toolbox&#0032;for&#0032;social&#0032;media&#0032;video&#0032;publish | Product Hunt" style="width: 250px; height: 54px;" width="250" height="54" /></a>

---

This project aims to automate the upload process for YouTube Videos. Since videos can only be publicly uploaded through the YouTube Data API by using a Google Workspaces Account (not free!YouTube counts 1600 credits per upload. ), I decided to figure out a headless uploader using Selenium and Playwright. This approach also bypasses API restrictions (e.g. Rate Limits/Endcards can't be set through the API).There are tons of library existing but not for me .

AS a code dummy, I do accept any advice because my only purpose is to get things working

**if you are a selenium guy, pls check main branch, if not, just use this playwright branch.**

## rewrite it with microsoft playwright

1. speed is much faster than selenium version

2. you don't have to worry about browser driver any more

3. more like category setting, subtitle upload etc are considered

### Methods

#### youtube

* we use playwright and selenium automation testing framework to act like as a human user to hand over the video uploading process to save your time for coffee.

#### tiktok

* we use playwright and selenium automation testing framework to act like as a human user to hand over the video uploading process to save your time for coffee.

* we develop an api based on  official openapi documentations to support 2b partners to batch upload video from their mobile app or application.

* we use sessionId and cracked uploading endpoint api to finish video uploading processing.


## features YOU MAY NEED

### 1. proxy support

auto detect whether need a proxy.
you can use socks5 too.

### 2. auto cookie export without any browser extension/plugins

see  script for [youtube] (examples/save-youtube-Cookie.py)
see script for [tiktok](examples\save-tiktok-sessionId.py)

for those with multiple channels under the one Google account,you need each cookie file for each channel.


### 3. schedule time publish

you can explictly specify a date and time for each video or you can set publish policy and daily public count, for example, daily count is 4, you got 5 videos, then first 4 will be published 1 day after the upload date, the other 1 will be 2 days after the upload date

### 4. fix Google account verify

if auto verify is not working, you need to manually input verification code into your browser

### 5. bulk videos and batch videos support

check **files_in_excel_youtube.py** to load video meta from a excel template

check **files_in_folder_youtube.py** to monitor videos in specific folder

## GUI Version

**I have released one draft version of a GUI version to make the usage for those non-coding people that want a one click easy solution. It's been tested by about 5 friends. You can check it out if you [sponsor me](https://github.com/sponsors/wanghaisheng). You can get the exe version on Windows**

please DM me at admin@tiktokastudio.com after sponsor, I have not find a proper way to automatically to send the package yet

[Get the early bird version. Please sponsor me here](https://github.com/sponsors/wanghaisheng)

or click any link you find in the repo

## proposed features in future version gui

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2363295/175556044-57f8af8e-a840-43fe-8cfc-120e0e74fef8.png)

**The more modern web technology cross platform GUI is being delayed Since my computer broken during the last 20 days, I would add some features to old tkinter version**

In the future I plan to add more features like invisible watermark to protect your copyright from theft and cross platform publish that you may post videos not only on Youtube.

## how to use video demo

[English version detailed intro and demo ](https://youtu.be/Xh-Dmm1POBo)

https://youtu.be/tp69CzU1y7s

https://youtu.be/IXaEQG1BCkw

https://youtu.be/Sqj0uO9VCy4

---

## features included in the GUI version

- → no limit of video counts

you may got hundreds of historical videos or prepare 200+ video for new product.

1000+ is possible especially for archive or backup usage as private

**does this uploader (gui version specifically) bypass the youtube upload limit of 100 uploads per day? could it do 10k uploads in a day?**

No.be aware of that this is automation instead of crack thing. If it can be done,definitely would be flagged as spam and you lost your account ,that is not the price you want to pay
all of automation task are meant to act like regular user operations but ease your boring hand work

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2363295/170889182-e3a12d5f-d1cb-45db-93a0-2ce8e405c9d1.png)

> Hi YouTube Developer,

> We're writing to let you know about a change to the YouTube API Services.

> To ensure safety at YouTube, we've limited how many videos a channel can upload in a 24-hour period via the YouTube Data API. This change aligns the YouTube Data API upload experience with the limits already in place for desktop and mobile uploads.

- → you don't have to edit all metadata one by one

Full description combine from prefix, suffix and video filename tags combine from preferred tags and AI based generated topic related tags publish time can automatically set without any effort

- → auto generate thumbnail from video highlight

you can using these as starting point to add overlay text to make it more click-bait to get traffic

- → auto generate Tags from AI
  It can detect keywords search and existing video gaps in your niche and generate suggestions.

- → auto add Free copyright music
  some music is the secret weapon to traffic, you need dig it by yourself.and also not to share with others

- → invisible watermark
  at some day if you got viral someone will steal your content to re-post over other platform, cut off your logo or other visible watermark,with this invisible/hidden watermark technology, you can hardly lost the battle

- → multi-account and multi-channel under one account
  as a newbie you will not want to be limited to only using one account. It will save your time to success

- → auto set schedule time to public for each video
  bulk publish. it seems no other lib supports this feature yet
  you can explicitly specify a date and time for each video or you can set publish policy and daily public count, for example, daily count is 4, you got 5 videos, then first 4 will be published 1 day after the upload date, the other 1 will be 2 days after the upload date

- → video upload in batch
  for those who want a one click setting and went to bed ,get jobs all done after wake up in th morning
  all you need is choose the video directory

- → Installed on PC, access from PC and mobile

We'd love to hear your feedback on our new feature! 😊

## THANKS TO

- 1. https://github.com/ContentAutomation/YouTubeUploader

- 2. https://github.com/offish/opplast

- 3. https://github.com/fawazahmed0/youtube-uploader

- 4. https://github.com/linouk23/youtube_uploader_selenium

- other I CAN NOT REMEMBER

## supported sites

https://github.com/wanghaisheng/tiktoka-studio-uploader/blob/playwright/supportedsites.md

you can submit an issue too

## community/Support

Join lark for debugging your issues with me

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wanghaisheng/youtube-auto-upload/playwright/assets/feishu-chatgroup.jpg" alt="" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/wanghaisheng/tiktoka-studio-uploader/blob/playwright/assets/feishu-chatgroup.jpg" width="250" height="250" />

## Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=wanghaisheng/tiktoka-studio-uploader&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#wanghaisheng/tiktoka-studio-uploader&Date)
